=====================
replot_fil
=====================

The following options are available:

- replot_fil options:
	- ``--td``: time downsampling factor for reprocessing candidates.
	- ``--fd``: trequency downsampling factor for reprocessing candidates.
	- ``--nw``: multiplier for the pulse width to determine the reprocessing window size. The window size is calculated as `nw * width`, where `width` is the candidate's pulse width.
	- ``--snrloss``: maximum tolerated S/N loss due to boxcar width step during reprocessing.
	- ``--dm``: fixed DM value for reprocessing candidates. If not provided, the DM value from the candidate list will be used.
	- ``--coherent``: flag to indicate whether to use coherent dedispersion during reprocessing.
	- ``--zapthre``: threshold for the skewness–kurtosis filter during RFI mitigation in reprocessing, expressed in interquartile-range threshold.
	- ``--zap``: frequency ranges to zap during RFI mitigation in reprocessing. Multiple ranges can be provided, separated by space, in the format `f_low1 f_high1 f_low2 f_high2 ...`.
	- ``--zdot``: flag to indicate whether to use zero-DM matched filter during RFI mitigation in reprocessing.
	- ``--clip``: flag to indicate whether to apply outlier excision during RFI mitigation in reprocessing, in the format `td fd`, where `td` is the time downsampling factor and `fd` is the frequency downsampling factor.
	- ``--kadane``: flag indicating the application of the KadaneF filter during RFI mitigation in reprocessing, in the format `td fd`, where `td` is the time downsampling factor and `fd` is the frequency downsampling factor.
	- ``--candfile``: path to the candidate file generated by `transientx_fil` for reprocessing.
	- ``--template``: Path to a custom template file for generating archive files during reprocessing when the `--arch` option is used.
	- ``--srname``: source name to be used when generating candidate plots. If not provided, the source name from the data file will be used.
	- ``--ibeam`` or ``-i``: beam index to be used when generating candidate plots. If not provided, beam index from the data file will be used.
	- ``--telescope``: telescope name to be used when generating candidate plots. If not provided, the telescope name from the data file will be used.
	- ``--ra``: right ascension (RA) to be used when generating candidate plots. If not provided, RA from the data file will be used.
	- ``--dec``: declination (DEC) to be used when generating candidate plots. If not provided, DEC from the data file will be used.
	- ``incoherent``: flag to indicate the beam is coherent or incoherent when generating candidate plots.
	- ``--arch`` or ``-a``: flag to indicate whether to generate archive files for further analysis during reprocessing.
	- ``--pow2bin``: flag to indicate whether to use a power of 2 chop window length when reprocessing.
	- ``--nopt``: flag to indicate whether to optimize the parameters for reprocessing candidates. If enabled, matched filtering will not be performed during reprocessing.
	- ``--dmcutoff``: DM cutoff value to remove candidates with DM below this value during reprocessing.
	- ``--ddmcutoff``: DM difference cutoff value to remove candidates whose DM difference between the input value and optimal value is below this threshold during reprocessing.
	- ``--widthcutoff``: pulse width cutoff value to remove candidates with pulse width above this value during reprocessing.
	- ``--snrcutoff``: S/N cutoff value to remove candidates with S/N below this value during reprocessing.
	- ``--clean`` or ``-c``: flag to indicate whether to remove duplicate and bad candidates based on multiple criteria during reprocessing.
	- ``--nosumif``: flag to indicate whether to skip the summation of the dual polarizations during reprocessing.
	- ``--raw``: flag to indicate whether to skip all processing during reprocessing.
	- ``--cont``: flag to indicate whether to skip the continuity check of the input file during reprocessing.
	- ``--wts``: apply weights in the psrfits file.
	- ``--scloffs``: apply scale and offset in the psrfits file.
	- ``--zero_off``: remove the offset in the psrfits file.
	- ``--cont``: skip checking data continuity between multiple input files.
	- ``--psrfits``: flag to indicate that the input file is in psrfits format. If not provided, the input file is assumed to be in sigproc filterbank format.
	- ``--input`` or ``-f``: path to the input data files. Multiple files can be provided, separated by space.

